# Informe de actividades WP5
Período 20200424 - 20200508
## Reuniones
### Citizen Science 20200427
Minuta: https://github.com/LA-CoNGA/InformationMeetings/blob/master/WP5_Meetings/20200427_WP5_CS_01_minuta.md
* Importante:
    * Acuerdo de incluir un nodo RACIMO asociado a cada institución beneficiaria
* Tareas:
    * Revisión de material (electrónica)
    * Identificación de aliados ciudadanos en cada institución beneficiaria (colegios)
    * Proponer un cronograma de trabajo acorde con los objetivos del proyecto.

### Diversity 20200430
Minuta: https://github.com/LA-CoNGA/InformationMeetings/blob/master/WP5_Meetings/20200429_WP5_diversity_minuta.md
* Importante:
    * Se avanzó en la definición de responsabilidades del DO (Diversity Officer).
    * Acordamos designar a Johany Manjarres (JM) como DO para el primer período de año y medio (renovable a un segundo período)
* Tareas
    * JM generará una lista de acciones a partir del documento LA-CoNGA Physics: Diversity & Inclusion initial discussion.

### Seminarios virtuales 20200431
Slides: https://github.com/LA-CoNGA/InformationMeetings/blob/master/WP5_Meetings/Webinar%20meetings/20200430_WP5_Reunion%20seminarios/20200430_slides%20seminario.pdf
* Importante:
    * Se definió la secuencia de seminarios de presentación, el contenido y los responsables
* Tareas:
    * Generar el contenido

### Misión-Visión y CoC 20200501
Minuta: https://github.com/LA-CoNGA/InformationMeetings/blob/master/WP5_Meetings/20200501_WP5_mision_vision_valores_CoC_01_minuta.md
* Importante:
    * Buenos avances para MVV en castellano
* Tareas:
    * Generar una propuesta de codigo de conducta para una organización de nuestra naturaleza (varias instituciones, varios países)

### Plan de comunicación 20200506
Slides:
* https://github.com/LA-CoNGA/InformationMeetings/blob/master/WP5_Meetings/WP5_20200506_LA-CoNGA-Physics_Descripcion.pdf
* https://github.com/LA-CoNGA/InformationMeetings/blob/master/WP5_Meetings/WP5_20200506_Plan_de_comunicaci%C3%B3n_proyecto_LACoNGA_reunion.pdf
* https://github.com/LA-CoNGA/InformationMeetings/blob/master/WP5_Meetings/WP5_20200506_Resumen_plan_de_comunicacion.pdf
* Importante:
    * Se desarrollará un proyecto de imagen digital para la web del consorcio, pensando en el lanzamiento.
* Tareas:
    * Apoyo al proyecto de imagen.
    
## Actividades por tarea
1. Craft the Communication and Dissemination Plan. :smiley:
2. Setup official LA-CoNGA Physics website. :smiley:
3. Organise multidisciplinary outreach events during LA-CoNGA Physics happenings like the annual meetings and NS, identify existing outreach local/regional events and foster LA-CoNGA Physics members participation. :smiley:
4. Promotion and organisation of data challenges on data samples obtained from the scientific projects and non academic partners. :sleeping:
5. Internal dissemination of results and best practices within the network through AGMs, network meetings, and the restricted area of the LA-CoNGA Physics Website. :sleeping:
6. External consortium results dissemination to peers through the LA-CoNGA Physics Website and GitHub Repository; promotion of the network role by making sure that LA-CoNGA Physics is properly acknowledged in papers and conference reports. :sleeping:
7. Development of citizen science projects with local schools. :smiley:
8. Feasibility study to develop Double Master Degrees in HEP between the consortium partners, targeting the HEI staff and administration. :sleeping:
9. Define the Sustainability Plan, a serie of long - term actions to promote and maintain the collaboration between the partners, including outlines for future summer schools and a teacher alumni network. :sleeping:
10. Active gender equality promotion and monitoring in outreach activities; training of recruitment panels on gender issues. :smiley:
11. Data Management Protection Plan (DMPP) crafting, including Open Access and monitoring of its compliance. :sleeping:
